Fix providing token through prompt (#47)
1Password/terraform-provider-onepassword: docs/index.md

### Required

- **token** (String, Required) A valid token for your 1Password Connect API. Can also be sourced from OP_CONNECT_TOKEN.

### Optional

> - **url** (String, Optional) The HTTP(S) URL where your 1Password Connect API can be found. Can also be sourced from OP_CONNECT_HOST.

Reviewer: This is a bit confusing. It's not optional. Could use some clarification.

Author: What about
```suggestion
### Optional

- **url** (String, Optional) The HTTP(S) URL where your 1Password Connect API can be found. Must be provided through the the OP_CONNECT_HOST environment if this attribute is not set.
```

Reviewer: Yes, much better.
